# Scryfall Search Reference

Scryfall includes a large set of keywords and expressions you can use to
filter Magic cards. Jump to a section below:

  * **Colors and Color Identity**
  * **Card Types**
  * **Card Text**
  * **Mana Costs**
  * **Power/Toughness/Loyalty**
  * **Multi-faced Cards**
  * **Spells/Permanents/Effects**
  * **Extra and Funny Cards**
  * **Tagger Tags**

  * **Rarity**
  * **Sets/Blocks**
  * **Cubes**
  * **Format Legality**
  * **USD/EUR/TIX Prices**
  * **Artist/Flavor/Watermark**
  * **Border/Frame/Foil/Resolution**
  * **Games, Promos, & Spotlights**
  * **Year**

  * **Reprints**
  * **Languages**
  * **Shortcuts and Nicknames**
  * **Negating Conditions**
  * **Regular Expressions**
  * **Exact Names**
  * **Using OR**
  * **Nesting Conditions**
  * **Display Keywords**

##  Colors and Color Identity

You can find cards that are a certain color using the `c:` or `color:`
keyword, and cards that are a certain color identity using the `id:` or
`identity:` keywords.

Both sets of keywords accepts full color names like `blue` or the abbreviated
color letters `w`, `u`, `r`, `b` and `g`.

You can use many nicknames for color sets: all guild names (e.g. `azorius`),
all shard names (e.g. `bant`), all college names (e.g., `quandrix`), all wedge
names (e.g. `abzan`), and the four-color nicknames `chaos`, `aggression`,
`altruism`, `growth`, `artifice` are supported.

Use `c` or `colorless` to match colorless cards, and `m` or `multicolor` to
match multicolor cards.

You can use comparison expressions (`>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`, and `!=`) to check
against _ranges_ of colors.

Find cards that have a color indicator with `has:indicator`.

[ `c:rg` Cards that are red and green  ](/search?q=c%3Arg) [ `color>=uw
-c:red` Cards that are at least white and blue, but not red
](/search?q=color%3E%3Duw+-c%3Ared) [ `id<=esper t:instant` Instants you can
play with an Esper commander  ](/search?q=id%3C%3Desper+t%3Ainstant) [ `id:c
t:land` Land cards with colorless identity  ](/search?q=id%3Ac+t%3Aland)

##  Card Types

Find cards of a certain card type with the `t:` or `type:` keywords. You can
search for any supertype, card type, or subtype.

Using only partial words is allowed.

[ `t:merfolk t:legend` Legendary merfolk cards
](/search?q=t%3Amerfolk+t%3Alegend) [ `t:goblin -t:creature` Goblin cards that
aren’t creatures  ](/search?q=t%3Agoblin+-t%3Acreature)

##  Card Text

Use the `o:` or `oracle:` keywords to find cards that have specific phrases in
their text box.

You can put quotes `" "` around text with punctuation or spaces.

You can use `~` in your text as a placeholder for the card’s name.

This keyword usually checks the current Oracle text for cards, so it uses the
most up-to-date phrasing available. For example, “dies” instead of “is put
into a graveyard”.

Use the `fo:` or `fulloracle:` operator to search the full Oracle text, which
includes reminder text.

You can also use `keyword:` or `kw:` to search for cards with a specific
keyword ability.

[ `o:draw t:creature` Creatures that deal with drawing cards
](/search?q=o%3Adraw+t%3Acreature) [ `o:"~ enters tapped"` Cards that enter
the battlefield tapped  ](/search?q=o%3A%22~+enters+tapped%22) [ `kw:flying
-t:creature` Noncreatures that have the flying keyword
](/search?q=kw%3Aflying+-t%3Acreature)

##  Mana Costs

Use the `m:` or `mana`: keyword to search for cards that have certain symbols
in their mana costs.

This keyword uses the official text version of mana costs set forth in the
[Comprehensive Rules](http://magic.wizards.com/en/game-info/gameplay/rules-
and-formats/rules). For example, `{G}` represents a green mana.

Shorthand is allowed for symbols that aren’t split: `G` is the same as `{G}`

However, you must always wrap complex/split symbols like `{2/G}` in braces.

You can search for mana costs using comparison operators; a mana cost is
greater than another if it includes all the same symbols and more, and it’s
less if it includes only a subset of symbols.

You can find cards of a specific mana value with `manavalue` or `mv`,
comparing with a numeric expression (`>`, `<`, `=`, `>=`, `<=`, and `!=`). You
can also find even or odd mana costs with `manavalue:even` or `manavalue:odd`

You can filter cards that contain hybrid mana symbols with `is:hybrid` or
Phyrexian mana symbols with `is:phyrexian`

You can find permanents that provide specific levels of devotion, using either
single-color mana symbols for devotion to one color, or hybrid symbols for
devotion to two, with `devotion:` or a comparison operator.

You can also find cards that produce specific types of mana, with `produces:`

[ `mana:{G}{U}` Cards with one green and blue mana in their costs
](/search?q=mana%3A%7BG%7D%7BU%7D) [ `m:2WW` Cards with two generic and two
white mana in their cost  ](/search?q=m%3A2WW) [ `m>3WU` Cards that cost more
than three generic, one white, and one blue mana  ](/search?q=m%3E3WU) [
`m:{R/P}` Cards with one Phyrexian red mana in their cost
](/search?q=m%3A%7BR%2FP%7D) [ `c:u mv=5` Blue cards with mana value 5
](/search?q=c%3Au+mv%3D5) [ `devotion:{u/b}{u/b}{u/b}` Cards that contribute 3
to devotion to black and blue
](/search?q=devotion%3A%7Bu%2Fb%7D%7Bu%2Fb%7D%7Bu%2Fb%7D) [ `produces=wu`
Cards that produce blue and white mana  ](/search?q=produces%3Dwu)

##  Power, Toughness, and Loyalty

You can use numeric expressions (`>`, `<`, `=`, `>=`, `<=`, and `!=`) to find
cards with certain power, `power`/`pow`, toughness, `toughness`/`tou`, total
power and toughness, `pt`/`powtou`, or starting loyalty, `loyalty`/`loy`.

You can compare the values with each other or with a provided number.

[ `pow>=8` Cards with 8 or more power  ](/search?q=pow%3E%3D8) [ `pow>tou c:w
t:creature` White creatures that are top-heavy
](/search?q=pow%3Etou+c%3Aw+t%3Acreature) [ `t:planeswalker loy=3`
Planeswalkers that start at 3 loyalty  ](/search?q=t%3Aplaneswalker+loy%3D3)

##  Multi-faced Cards

You can find cards that have more than one face with `is:split` (split cards),
`is:flip` (flip cards), `is:transform` (cards that transform), `is:meld`
(cards that meld), `is:leveler` (cards with Level Up), `is:dfc` (double-faced
cards), and `is:mdfc` (modal double-faced cards).

[ `is:meld` Cards that meld  ](/search?q=is%3Ameld) [ `is:split` Split-faced
cards  ](/search?q=is%3Asplit)

##  Spells, Permanents, and Effects

Find cards that are cast as spells with `is:spell`.

Find permanent cards with `is:permanent`, historic cards with `is:historic`,
creatures that can be in your party with `is:party`, modal effects with
`is:modal`, vanilla creatures with `is:vanilla`, or French vanilla cards with
`is:frenchvanilla`. Find 2/2/2 “bear” creatures with `is:bear`.

[ `c>=br is:spell f:duel` Black and red multicolor spells in Duel Commander
](/search?q=c%3E%3Dbr+is%3Aspell+f%3Aduel) [ `is:permanent t:rebel` Rebel
permanents  ](/search?q=is%3Apermanent+t%3Arebel) [ `is:vanilla` Vanilla
creatures  ](/search?q=is%3Avanilla)

##  Extra Cards and Funny Cards

[Vanguard](/search?q=t:vanguard),
[plane](/search?q=t%3Aplane+-t%3Aplaneswalker), [scheme](/search?q=t:scheme),
and [phenomenon](/search?q=t:phenomenon) cards are hidden by default, as are
cards from [“memorabilia”](/search?q=st:memorabilia) sets. You must either
search for their type (using the `type:` keyword) or a set that contains them
(the `set:` keyword).

Un-cards, holiday cards, and other funny cards are findable with `is:funny` or
mentioning their set.

You may also use `include:extras` to reveal absolutely every card when you
search.

[ `is:funny` All funny cards  ](/search?q=is%3Afunny) [ `t:scheme` Scheme
cards  ](/search?q=t%3Ascheme) [ `power include:extras` Cards with “power” in
their name, including extras  ](/search?q=power+include%3Aextras)

##  Rarity

Use `r:` or `rarity:` to find cards by their print rarity. You can search for
`common`, `uncommon`, `rare`, `special`, `mythic`, and `bonus`. You can also
use comparison operators like `<` and `>=`.

Use `new:rarity` to find reprint cards printed at a new rarity for the first
time. You can find cards that have ever been printed in a given rarity using
`in:` (for example, `in:rare` to find cards that have ever been printed at
rare.)

[ `r:common t:artifact` Common artifacts  ](/search?q=r%3Acommon+t%3Aartifact)
[ `r>=r` Cards at rare rarity or above (i.e., rares and mythics)
](/search?q=r%3E%3Dr) [ `rarity:common e:ima new:rarity` Cards printed as
commons for the first time in Iconic Masters
](/search?q=rarity%3Acommon+e%3Aima+new%3Ararity) [ `in:rare -rarity:rare`
Non-rare printings of cards that have been printed at rare
](/search?q=in%3Arare+-rarity%3Arare)

##  Sets and Blocks

Use `s:`, `e:`, `set:`, or `edition:` to find cards using their Magic set
code.

Use `cn:` or `number:` to find cards by collector number within a set. Combine
this with `s:` to find specific card editions. Searching by ranges with a
syntax like `cn>50` is also possible.

Use `b:` or `block:` to find cards in a Magic block by providing the three-
letter code for any set in that block.

The `in:` keyword finds cards that once “passed through” the given set code.
For example `in:lea` would only match cards that once appeared in Alpha.

You can search for cards based on the type of product they appear in. This
includes the primary product types (`st:core`, `st:expansion`, or
`st:draftinnovation`), as well as series of products (`st:masters`,
`st:funny`, `st:commander`, `st:duel_deck`, `st:from_the_vault`,
`st:spellbook`, or `st:premium_deck`) and more specialized types
(`st:alchemy`, `st:archenemy`, `st:masterpiece`, `st:memorabilia`,
`st:planechase`, `st:promo`, `st:starter`, `st:token`, `st:treasure_chest`, or
`st:vanguard`.)

The `in:` keyword also supports these set types, so you can search for cards
with no printings in a set type with a query like `-in:core`.

You can also search for individual cards that were sold in certain places with
`is:booster` or `is:planeswalker_deck`, or specific types of promo cards with
`is:` queries like `is:league`, `is:buyabox`, `is:giftbox`, `is:intro_pack`,
`is:gameday`, `is:prerelease`, `is:release`, `is:fnm`, `is:judge_gift`,
`is:arena_league`, `is:player_rewards`, `is:media_insert`, `is:instore`,
`is:convention`, or `is:set_promo`, among others.

[ `e:war` Cards from War of the Spark  ](/search?q=e%3Awar) [ `e:war
is:booster` Cards available inside War of the Spark booster boxes
](/search?q=e%3Awar+is%3Abooster) [ `b:wwk` Cards in Zendikar Block (but using
the Worldwake code)  ](/search?q=b%3Awwk) [ `in:lea in:m15` Cards that were in
both Alpha and Magic 2015  ](/search?q=in%3Alea+in%3Am15) [ `t:legendary
-in:booster` Legendary cards that have never been printed in a booster set
](/search?q=t%3Alegendary+-in%3Abooster) [ `is:datestamped is:prerelease`
Prerelease promos with a date stamp
](/search?q=is%3Adatestamped+is%3Aprerelease)

##  Cubes

Find cards that are part of cube lists using the `cube:` keyword. The
currently supported cubes are `arena`, `grixis`, `legacy`, `chuck`, `twisted`,
`protour`, `uncommon`, `april`, `modern`, `amaz`, `tinkerer`, `livethedream`,
`chromatic`, and `vintage`.

[ `cube:vintage` Cards in the Vintage Cube  ](/search?q=cube%3Avintage) [
`cube:modern t:planeswalker` Planeswalkers in the Modern Cube
](/search?q=cube%3Amodern+t%3Aplaneswalker)

##  Format Legality

Use the `f:` or `format:` keywords to find cards that are legal in a given
format.

You can also find cards that are explicitly banned in a format with the
`banned:` keyword and restricted with the `restricted:` keyword.

The current supported formats are: `standard`, `future` (Future Standard),
`historic`, `timeless`, `gladiator`, `pioneer`, `explorer`, `modern`,
`legacy`, `pauper`, `vintage`, `penny` (Penny Dreadful), `commander`,
`oathbreaker`, `standardbrawl`, `brawl`, `alchemy`, `paupercommander`, `duel`
(Duel Commander), `oldschool` (Old School 93/94), `premodern`, and `predh`.

You can use `is:commander` to find cards that can be your commander,
`is:brawler` to find cards that can be your Brawl Commander, and
`is:companion` to find Companion cards, and `is:duelcommander` to find cards
that can be your Duel Commander.

Finally, you can find cards on the Reserved List with `is:reserved`.

[ `c:g t:creature f:pauper` Green creatures in Pauper format
](/search?q=c%3Ag+t%3Acreature+f%3Apauper) [ `banned:legacy` Cards banned in
Legacy format  ](/search?q=banned%3Alegacy) [ `is:commander` Cards that can be
your commander  ](/search?q=is%3Acommander) [ `is:reserved` Cards on the
Reserved List  ](/search?q=is%3Areserved)

##  USD/EUR/TIX prices

You can find prints within certain `usd`, `eur`, `tix` price ranges by
comparing them with a numeric expression (`>`, `<`, `=`, `>=`, `<=`, and
`!=`).

You can find the cheapest print of each card with `cheapest:usd`,
`cheapest:eur`, and `cheapest:tix`.

[ `tix>15.00` Cards that cost more than 15 TIX at MTGO stores
](/search?as=checklist&order=tix&q=tix%3E15.00) [ `usd>=0.50 e:ema` Cards
worth 50¢ or more in Eternal Masters
](/search?as=checklist&order=usd&q=usd%3E%3D0.50+e%3Aema)

##  Artist, Flavor Text and Watermark

Search for cards illustrated by a certain artist with the `a:`, or `artist:`
keywords. And you can search for cards with more than one artist using
`artists>1`.

Search for words in a card’s flavor text using the `ft:` or `flavor:`
keywords.

Search for a card’s affiliation watermark using the `wm:` or `watermark:`
keywords, or match all cards with watermarks using `has:watermark`.

For any of these, you can wrap statements with spaces or punctuation in quotes
`" "`.

You can find cards being printed with new illustrations using `new:art`, being
illustrated by a particular artist for the first time with `new:artist`, and
with brand-new flavor text using `new:flavor`.

You can compare how many different illustrations a give card has with things
like `illustrations>1`.

[ `a:"proce"` Cards illustrated by Vincent Proce  ](/search?q=a%3A%22proce%22)
[ `ft:mishra` Cards that mention Mishra in their flavor text
](/search?q=ft%3Amishra) [ `ft:designed e:m15` Cards created by guest
designers in Magic 2015  ](/search?q=ft%3Adesigned+e%3Am15) [ `wm:orzhov`
Cards with Orzhov guild watermark  ](/search?q=wm%3Aorzhov) [ `e:m10 new:art
is:reprint` Reprints with new art in Magic 2010
](/search?q=e%3Am10+new%3Aart+is%3Areprint) [ `new:art -new:artist st:masters
game:paper` Cards in masters sets with new art by the same artist
](/search?q=new%3Aart+-new%3Aartist+st%3Amasters+game%3Apaper) [ `new:flavor
e:m15 is:reprint` Reprint cards in Magic 2015 which have new flavor text
](/search?q=new%3Aflavor+e%3Am15+is%3Areprint)

##  Border, Frame, Foil & Resolution

Use the `border:` keyword to find cards with a `black`, `white`, `silver`, or
`borderless` border.

You can find cards with a specific frame edition using `frame:1993`,
`frame:1997`, `frame:2003`, `frame:2015`, and `frame:future`. You can also
search for particular frame-effects, such as `frame:legendary`,
`frame:colorshifted`, `frame:tombstone`, `frame:enchantment`.

You can find cards with full art using `is:full`.

`new:frame` will find cards printed in a specific frame for the first time.

Each card is available in non-foil, in foil, or in both. You can find prints
available in each with `is:nonfoil` and `is:foil`, or `is:foil is:nonfoil` to
find prints (like most booster cards) available in both. You can also find
cards available in etched foil and glossy finishes with `is:etched` and
`is:glossy`.

You can find cards in our database with high-resolution images using
`is:hires`.

Search for a card’s security stamp with `stamp:oval`, `stamp:acorn`,
`stamp:triangle`, or `stamp:arena`

You can search for or exclude Universes Beyond cards with `is:universesbeyond`
or `not:universesbeyond`.

[ `border:white t:creature` White-bordered creature cards
](/search?q=border%3Awhite+t%3Acreature) [ `is:new r:mythic` Mythic cards with
the 2015 holofoil-stamp frame  ](/search?q=is%3Anew+r%3Amythic) [ `is:old
t:artifact` Artifacts in either the 1993 or 1997 variant of the 'classic'
frame  ](/search?q=is%3Aold+t%3Aartifact) [ `is:hires` Cards with high-
resolution scans  ](/search?q=is%3Ahires) [ `is:foil e:c16` Commander 2016
cards printed in foil  ](/search?q=is%3Afoil+e%3Ac16) [ `frame:2003 new:frame
in:fut is:reprint` Future cards printed later in other frames
](/search?q=frame%3A2003+new%3Aframe+in%3Afut+is%3Areprint)

##  Games, Promos, & Spotlights

You can find specific prints available in different Magic game environments
with the `game:` keyword. The games `paper`, `mtgo`, and `arena` are
supported.

You can filter by a card’s availability in a game with the `in:` keyword. The
games `paper`, `mtgo`, and `arena` are supported.

Find prints that are only available digitally (MTGO and Arena) with
`is:digital`.

Find promotional cards (in any environment) with `is:promo`.

Find cards that are Story Spotlights with `is:spotlight`.

Find cards that Scryfall has had the honor of previewing with
`is:scryfallpreview`.

[ `game:arena` Cards available on MTG:Arena  ](/search?q=game%3Aarena) [
`-in:mtgo f:legacy` Legacy legal cards not available on MTGO
](/search?q=-in%3Amtgo+f%3Alegacy) [ `is:promo` Promotional cards
](/search?q=is%3Apromo) [ `is:spotlight` Story Spotlight cards
](/search?q=is%3Aspotlight)

##  Year

You can use numeric expressions (`>`, `<`, `=`, `>=`, `<=`, and `!=`) to find
cards that were released relative to a certain year or a `yyyy-mm-dd` date.
You can also use any set code to stand in for the set’s release date.

[ `year<=1994` Cards from 1994 and before  ](/search?q=year%3C%3D1994) [
`year=2025` Cards released this year  ](/search?q=year%3D2025) [
`date>=2015-08-18` Cards printed on or after August 18, 2015
](/search?q=date%3E%3D2015-08-18) [ `date>ori` cards printed in sets released
after Magic Origins  ](/search?q=date%3Eori)

##  Tagger Tags

You can use `art:`, `atag:`, or `arttag:` to find things in a card’s
illustration.

You can use `function:`, `otag:`, or `oracletag:` to find “Oracle” tags which
describe the function of the card.

Data for these two features comes from the [Tagger project](/docs/tagger-
tags).

[ `art:squirrel` Art that contains a squirrel  ](/search?q=art%3Asquirrel) [
`function:removal` Cards that cause removal  ](/search?q=function%3Aremoval)

##  Reprints

You can find reprints with `is:reprint`, cards that were new in their set with
`not:reprint`, and cards that have only been in a single set with `is:unique`.
You can also compare the number of times a card has been printed with syntax
like `prints=1`, or the number of sets a card has been in with `sets=1`. These
can also be compared including only paper sets with `paperprints=1` and
`papersets=1`.

[ `e:c16 not:reprint` Cards that were new in Commander 2016
](/search?q=e%3Ac16+not%3Areprint) [ `e:ktk is:unique` Cards that were in
Khans of Tarkir and not printed in any other set
](/search?q=e%3Aktk+is%3Aunique) [ `sets>=20` Cards that have been printed in
20 or more distinct sets  ](/search?q=sets%3E%3D20) [ `e:arn papersets=1`
Cards that were printed in Arabian Nights but never reprinted in paper
](/search?q=e%3Aarn+papersets%3D1)

##  Languages

You can request cards in certain languages with the `lang:`/`language:`
keywords.

You can widen your search to any language with the special `lang:any` keyword.

You can also find the first printing of a card in each language using
`new:language` and all printings of a card that’s been printed in a language
at least once with `in:` (e.g. `in:ru` will find cards that have ever been
printed in Russian.)

[ `lang:japanese` Cards in Japanese  ](/search?q=lang%3Ajapanese) [ `lang:any
t:planeswalker unique:prints` Planeswalkers in any language
](/search?q=lang%3Aany+t%3Aplaneswalker+unique%3Aprints) [ `lang:ko
new:language t:goblin` The first printings of goblin cards in the Korean
language  ](/search?q=lang%3Ako+new%3Alanguage+t%3Agoblin) [ `in:ru in:zhs`
Cards that have been printed in both Russian and Simplified Chinese
](/search?q=in%3Aru+in%3Azhs)

##  Shortcuts and Nicknames

The search system includes a few convenience shortcuts for common card sets:

You can find some interesting land groups with `is:bikeland` (alias
`cycleland`, `bicycleland`), `is:bounceland` (alias `karoo`), `is:canopyland`
(alias `canland`), `is:checkland`, `is:dual`, `is:fastland`, `is:fetchland`,
`is:filterland`, `is:gainland`, `is:painland`, `is:scryland`, `is:shadowland`,
`is:shockland`, `is:storageland`, `is:creatureland`, `is:triland`, and
`is:tangoland` (alias `battleland`)

You can find all Masterpiece Series cards with `is:masterpiece`

[ `is:dual` Cards that are dual lands  ](/search?q=is%3Adual) [ `is:fetchland`
Cards that are fetchlands  ](/search?q=is%3Afetchland) [ `is:colorshifted`
Colorshifted cards  ](/search?q=is%3Acolorshifted)

##  Negating Conditions

All keywords except for `include` can be negated by prefixing them with a
hyphen (`-`). This inverts the meaning of the keyword to reject cards that
matched what you’ve searched for.

The `is:` keyword has a convenient inverted mode `not:` which is the same as
`-is:`. Conversely, `-not:` is the same as `is:`.

Loose name words can also be inverted with `-`

[ `-fire c:r t:instant` Red instants without the word “fire” in their name
](/search?q=-fire+c%3Ar+t%3Ainstant) [ `o:changeling -t:creature` Changeling
cards that aren’t creatures  ](/search?q=o%3Achangeling+-t%3Acreature) [
`not:reprint e:c16` Cards in Commander 2016 that aren’t reprints
](/search?q=not%3Areprint+e%3Ac16)

##  Regular Expressions

You can use forward slashes `//` instead of quotes with the `type:`, `t:`,
`oracle:`, `o:`, `flavor:`, `ft:`, and `name:` keywords to match those parts
of a card with a regular expression.

Scryfall supports many regex features such as `.*?`, option groups `(a|b)`,
brackets `[ab]`, character classes `\d`, `\w`, and anchors `(?!)`, `\b`, `^`,
and `$`.

Forward slashes inside your regex must be escaped with `\/`.

Full documentation for this keyword is available on our [Regular Expressions
help page](/docs/regular-expressions).

[ `t:creature o:/^{T}:/` Creatures that tap with no other payment
](/search?q=t%3Acreature+o%3A%2F%5E%7BT%7D%3A%2F) [ `t:instant o:/\spp/`
Instants that provide +X/+X effects  ](/search?q=t%3Ainstant+o%3A%2F%5Cspp%2F)
[ `name:/\bizzet\b/` Card names with “izzet” but not words like “mizzet”
](/search?q=name%3A%2F%5Cbizzet%5Cb%2F)

##  Exact Names

If you prefix words or quoted phrases with `!` you will find cards with that
exact name only.

This is still case-insensitive.

[ `!fire` The card Fire  ](/search?q=%21fire) [ `!"sift through sands"` The
card Sift Through Sands  ](/search?q=%21%22sift+through+sands%22)

##  Using “OR”

By default every search term you enter is combined. All of them must match to
find a card.

If you want to search over a set of options or choices, you can put the
special word `or`/`OR` between terms.

[ `t:fish or t:bird` Cards that are Fish or Birds
](/search?q=t%3Afish+or+t%3Abird) [ `t:land (a:titus or a:avon)` Lands
illustrated by Titus Lunter or John Avon
](/search?q=t%3Aland+%28a%3Atitus+or+a%3Aavon%29)

##  Nesting Conditions

You may nest conditions inside parentheses `( )` to group them together. This
is most useful when combined with the `OR` keyword.

Remember that terms that are _not_ separated by `OR` are still combined.

[ `t:legendary (t:goblin or t:elf)` Legendary goblins or elves
](/search?q=t%3Alegendary+%28t%3Agoblin+or+t%3Aelf%29) [ `through (depths or
sands or mists)` The Unspeakable combo
](/search?q=through+%28depths+or+sands+or+mists%29)

##  Display Keywords

You can enter your display options for searches as keywords rather than using
the controls on the page.

Select how duplicate results are eliminated with `unique:cards`,
`unique:prints` (previously `++`), or `unique:art` (also `@@`).

Change how results are shown with `display:grid`, `display:checklist`,
`display:full`, or `display:text`.

Change how results are sorted with `order:artist`, `order:cmc`, `order:power`,
`order:toughness`, `order:set`, `order:name`, `order:usd`, `order:tix`,
`order:eur`, `order:rarity`, `order:color`, `order:released`, `order:spoiled`,
`order:edhrec`, `order:penny`, or `order:review`.

Select what printings of cards to preferentially show with `prefer:oldest`,
`prefer:newest`, `prefer:usd-low` or `prefer:usd-high` (and the equivalents
for `tix` and `eur`), or `prefer:promo`.

Change the order of the sorted data with `direction:asc` or `direction:desc`.

[ `!"Lightning Bolt" unique:prints` Every printing of Lightning Bolt
](/search?q=%21%22Lightning+Bolt%22+unique%3Aprints) [ `t:forest a:avon
unique:art` Every unique Forest illustration by John Avon
](/search?q=t%3Aforest+a%3Aavon+unique%3Aart) [ `f:modern order:rarity
direction:asc` Modern legal cards sorted by rarity, commons first
](/search?q=f%3Amodern+order%3Ararity+direction%3Aasc) [ `t:human
display:text` Every Human card as text-only
](/search?q=t%3Ahuman+display%3Atext) [ `in:leb game:paper prefer:newest` The
newest paper printing of each card in Limited Edition Beta
](/search?q=in%3Aleb+game%3Apaper+prefer%3Anewest)

